Oh check you a few okay put it into me
for walk and send to the right and the
same man answers refill mud
you guys start and then as it says on
the screen you can refill the coins the
mist this machine particular machine six
350 pound it's a floor tier but we've
got twenty to thirty pounding but you'll
find is more than enough you just feed
the coins through the top slot and as
you can see the Machine counts them in
just as much as you can when you've
finished just turn the key back to the
left and the machine goes back into play
melody
so empty them it soaks it off but on the
machine you stop in the bottom bar
the castor
well while we're doing this the machine
is resetting my machine needs to reset
fully before we can do anything when the
machine is reset we then turn the refill
key to the right again
and then we cluster dump button at the
bottom which is just behind the caster
here press it once and then as he read
on the display it says dump one pound
floor that's a start
when you finish hey just cause he does
back up ashamed back surgery Phil Oakey
off and then I'll go back into plumber
there we go